Previously on AMC's
"Better Call Saul"...
Free. I'll shoot the spot for free.
For free?
You're losing money.
My brother is sick.
He's making mistakes with his clients.
You're not gonna do anything. are you?
To new beginnings.
I need to see Dr. Cruz
as soon as possible.
The man killed for
helping the truck driver.
You are trying to correct
something which cannot be corrected.
Hector wants to use my dad's business.
If you manage to pull this
off and switch those pills.
switch them back.
I'm gonna need one more thing from you.
Let there be light.
And then there was light.
Geez. Will you look at this...
That's where your mom used to work.
Right back there. doin' the books.
Yeah. Whatever.
Hey. remember when we
used to ditch fourth.
come in the back door?
Tell your folks it was a free period.
O'Dell's Algebra Two.
Mr. O'Dell.
Man. that guy was a butthole.
And your mom. you know. I
think she knew we were skipping.
but she'd always stop what she was doing
and gimme a pack of Little Debbie's.
Ahh. Think all those Little
Debbie's put them out of business.
Hey. how'd you get up
there when you were a kid?
Couple of milk crates. you know?
Ohh.
All right.
No. No. No. Nope.
Ah.
Boom.
Indian Head penny.
All right? That's
worth about three bucks.
We polish it up. run the coin game...
Nice. We get 150 bucks. easy.
$150? We got a $110 for a
plain vanilla half dollar.
This... this is actually rare.
I mean. you can see it.
- $300. easy.
- Oh. $300?
Me likey. Yeah.
Now you're gonna tell me what your
coin collection was doin' up there.
Uh...
It's a long story.
Um... let's get outta here.
- All right. Now. Let's hit it.
- No. there might be another one.
All right.
Then give.
What's the deal with the coins?
Well. uh...
I was what? Uh. 12 or so?
I was working the register.
Guy comes in. buys a box of Ivory Flakes
and a sixer of Old Style.
He pays with a couple bucks and...
this.
The second I see it.
I know what it is...
it's a George Washington silver.
I tell my dad. "Pop.
this quarter is rare.
It's worth four bucks."
Barely get the words outta my mouth...
he hightails it outta
here to give it back.
He can't find the guy.
so he tapes it to the
side of the register...
he's hoping...
that this guy will come back...
so we can return it.
After about a week.
he starts talking about
givin' it to Father
Mahoney for the poor box.
so I make it disappear.
And after that. every day after
school. I'm checking the till.
You know. something catches my eye.
I stick it in the box. put
it up there for good luck.
So much for good luck.
It was a cryin' shame
they lost this place.
They never shoulda bought
it in the first place.
My dad didn't have it in him.
Whaddya mean?
Your folks worked so hard.
Yeah. they worked hard!
They worked a lotta
hours for a lotta years.
For nothin'.
I dunno. Jimmy. He had a lotta
customers. Everybody liked him.
Everybody liked him
'cause he was a soft touch.
You know? Every deadbeat in
the neighborhood owed him money.
You come in here with a sob story.
you leave with a pat on the
back and a gallon of milk.
He... he coulda made it work.
He coulda sold beer and cigarettes
to the kids from Mary-Margaret's.
but... oh. no. not him.
He was never gonna do what he had to do.
How'd you know there'd be another?
Oh.
Banquet's over.
Those conventioneers been
talking farm equipment
for 10 hours straight...
now they wanna party.
Gonna be a big night.
my friend. Whaddya say?
- Time to get moving?
- Let's go.
Synced and corrected by Aaronnmb
www.addic7ed.com
_
Yeah. Tribal police?
Yeah. I was out on your
property this afternoon
and found a dead body.
Off the old post road.
Out in the scrub. just past
the Oasis Motel billboard.
I was out with my metal
detector. looking for arrowheads.
No. I don't want to give my name.
I-I-I was trespassing.
Look. y-you'd better
send someone out there
to find him before the coyotes do.
Over here. I've recorded
the location of the incident.
that is where I was
physically when it began.
This column gives a proximate origin...
uh. and as you can see. uh.
much of time. I couldn't be
sure. so I just wrote "ambient."
Um. and. of course.
I've recorded the. uh.
times and dosages of the medicine.
This is very impressive. Charles.
And look at the trend!
Day one. pain of 7 and 8. even 8.5.
Day three. nothing higher
than five and a quarter.
And now... it's all 3s and 4s.
Later in the session. I'd
like to give you some exercises
and strategies that
might help even more.
I'm all ears.
How do you see your next steps?
Well. clearly. with
this kind of improvement.
it won't be long before
I'm back to work full time.
with no accommodations.
And then. soon after. I
want to get back into court.
I haven't argued a case
in almost three years.
so that's next.
And I'm gonna get these
lights turned back on.
I want this house to be full of music.
I want to have a dinner party...
oh. hell. no.
A great. big celebration.
I want a hundred people in here.
spilling out onto the lawn...
I want caterers and a full bar.
I want to be surrounded
by friends and colleagues.
That's stirring.
Those are excellent goals.
Doctor. I wouldn't have believed
I could come so far so quickly.
And I have to give you the
lion's share of the credit.
Well. it's remarkable.
But Rome wasn't built in a day.
I know rushing forward may be tempting.
but it's important
to give yourself time.
- Mm.
- You've just begun a journey
that could take years.
Well. I suppose. but. um.
surely you'd admit that
every case is different?
- Of course.
- Then perhaps. uh.
my recovery might be speedier
than your run-of-the-mill patient.
Isn't that possible?
I'm just cautioning you not
to push yourself too hard.
- Mm.
- I know.
Appreciate every step forward.
but modulate your expectations.
Yes. absolutely.
Let's talk about the
night you first called me.
- Mm.
- You sounded very distressed.
I was.
Using a telephone must
have been difficult for you.
I had to walk 10 blocks to a pay phone.
That was extremely uncomfortable.
P-Probably almost a 9.
What made it so important
to talk to me that night?
I'd had an incident.
A very public incident.
Perhaps the worst experience of my life.
It was proven to me.
in public. and beyond
the shadow of a doubt.
that there was a battery...
a fully charged battery...
almost next to my skin for
the better part of two hours.
And I felt nothing.
What does that mean to you?
This condition...
to me. it's as real as that chair.
It's as real as this house.
It's as real as you.
But...
what if it's not?
What if it's all in my head?
And if that's true...
if it's not real...
then what have I done?
It's all in the storyboards.
Get set for the master shot.
Okay.
Lookin' good! We about ready?
- Just about.
- I gotta hand it to you.
I mean. this is the busiest weekday
we've had in the last six months.
And are people
mentioning the commercial?
You know what? They are.
- Excellent!
- I know.
Oh. here's your partner.
Hey. get him into make-up.
and we can carve this turkey.
Okay. Listen.
L... Ex-excuse me. Not now.
- It's all right.
- Sorry.
I just got off the
phone with the station.
You don't even work for them.
I never said I work for the station.
I...
Saul Goodman Productions. remember?
You work with us so
you don't have to deal
with the bureaucrats at KWBV.
We take care of everything.
Okay. Remind me. how much
is all this gonna cost?
Exactly what we talked
about the other day.
The first one was
gratis. That's my treat.
Now we're moving on
to the Elite package...
seven commercials for the
heavily discounted price
- of $6.500.
- Mm. Yeah.
The station just quoted me $450 per.
- $450?
- That's for air time only.
Call the station.
Ask them how much they'd charge
for production of seven
top-flight TV commercials.
Okay. but why do we need
seven new ones in the first place?
Yeah. What... what's to stop
us from paying the station
to just keep running the one we have?
That's not what we agreed to.
How about that for starters?
He did give us the first one for free.
Yeah. I know.
Okay. how about this...
how about we pay you $450 for
the one that already aired.
and then we take it from there?
Guys. I don't wanna get technical on ya.
but that commercial... it
doesn't actually belong to you.
Look. it's the real and
intellectual property
of Saul Goodman Productions.
I don't think so.
I mean. it's our faces.
- It's our store.
- And it's my commercial.
And you can't run it
without my permission.
- Oh. Okay.
- Okay. Want to play it like that?
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay...
$450 is now off the table.
- Yeah. and that crew of yours?
- Yeah.
Just a bunch of UNM students.
- We can get those.
- We can get students.
- Yes. we can.
- We can reshoot the ad...
- Yes.
- ... and then run that
- How about that?
Guys. Guys. come on.
Now. you wouldn't even be
thinking about a commercial
if it wasn't for me!
Okay. we are not gonna pay you $6.500
for something that we can do ourselves.
- You got it?
- Seriously?
- Seriously.
- Th...
- Excuse us.
Hello. there. Anything
we can help you with?
- What?
- Put that camera back up. Roll it.
- It's not gonna do a damn thing.
- Don't give me any lip. okay?
Just roll it. Make sure
it's pointed in my direction.
- Now. if you're gigging a lot...
- Are you gigging a lot?
Uh. guys. Sorry to interrupt.
Just want to make sure...
there's no wiggle room here?
- We are with customers right now.
- Yeah.
Please. all right? Just go. Thank you.
Okay. well. best of luck in
all your future endeavors.
- Go. Goodbye.
- Go.
- Sorry about that.
Oh!
Oh. my gosh! Are you okay?
It was... a drumstick.
It was laying loose in the aisle.
- Somebody call an ambulance!
- No. you don't need to...
I don't need...
Aah!
Yes. an ambulance.
That's a good idea.
You guys have liability
insurance. right?
To our "Four Corners Strategy..."
- Cheers to that.
- Cheers.
Mmm.
I'm not saying this to rush you.
but I have a 2:45 tee
time at Four Hills...
- so don't let me get. uh. long-winded.
- Okay.
I've heard the water gets
tricky on the back nine there.
You heard right. I
didn't know you played.
Well. growing up where I did.
there was pretty much
nothing else to do.
We oughta be having this
meeting out on the fairway.
Well. I think Kim has a lot to cover.
Speaking of which...
Sorry. but I-I gotta ask.
I've got a friend. Billy Gatwood.
He's a driller. has a small
operation over near Farwell.
Anyway. the poor bastard's tangled up
in some kind of an interstate wrangle
between Texas and New Mexico.
Now. I can't make heads or tails of it.
and neither can he.
His lawyer was a local guy.
completely over his head.
So Billy's fired the guy.
but now he doesn't know
whether to shit or wind his watch...
pardon my French.
Right this way.
Anyhow. I told him about
the job you're doing for us.
and I know he'd love to talk to you.
... Montana. I'd suggest Big Sky.
It's got all the beauty of Montana.
but you don't have to wait
as long in the lift lines.
- Another...
- Oh. wow.
I can't tell you how flattering that is.
Remember. Kim's got her hands full
with Utah and Colorado.
As far as I'm concerned. she's proven
she can field whatever we
throw at her and then some.
Kevin. your faith in me is... it's...
it means a lot.
But when we first
started working together.
I promised you Mesa Verde
would be my sole focus.
And I meant it.
- Well. sure. but I gotta take...
- Hey there!
I thought I saw some familiar faces.
- Howard.
- Kim... sit.
I insist.
- Kevin...
- Howard.
... Paige... always
wonderful to see you.
You. too. Howard. How've you been?
Fantastic. Thank you.
All's well with the expansion?
I saw you got that branch approved
on your original timeline. after all.
We did. Thanks to Ms. Wexler here.
Well. Kim's one of the best.
You're lucky to have her.
She sure is. and we sure are.
Seems like just yesterday she
was logging hours in doc review.
Always a pleasure to see
one of our protégées
spread her wings and leave the nest.
Well. I'll get out of your hair.
Best of luck to all of you.
You. too. Howard.
I appreciate that we've
got you all to ourselves.
but I'm thinking Billy
just needs a consultation...
I'm so sorry. um. but. uh.
would you excuse me for just a moment?
Sure.
I've had the salmon here and the filet.
if you like sea scallops.
they're fantastic.
Kim. Uh. uh. hello again. Howard... sit.
I insist. Sorry to interrupt.
I just needed to give Howard something.
Folks. this is Kim Wexler.
a former member of our firm.
Kim. uh. this is the team
from O'Malley Industries.
Oh. of course. I remember Lauren.
Good to see you again. Kim.
This is Jack Sweet. our new CFO.
- Oh. hello.
- Pleasure.
Nice to see you. too. Henry. Nick.
- Marie Austin. Good to meet you.
- Nice to meet you.
Good to see all of you.
- Have a wonderful lunch. Howard.
- Mm.
Sorry to hold things up.
- Not at all.
- Okay.
Kevin. if you want to give
me Mr. Gatwood's number.
I'd be happy to speak to him.
Well. that's great.
Once I understand what's going on.
I'll put him together with a firm
that'll take very good care of him.
I leave it in your capable hands.
Great. Okay. Utah.
The good news is the filing
requirements are very similar
- to what we submitted for Arizona.
- Oh. good.
Thanks again. Kim. I'll let
Billy know you'll be calling.
- and we'll talk tee times soon.
- Sounds good.
- All right. Bye.
- See you soon. Kim.
Thank you.
What the hell is this?
I think it's pretty self-explanatory.
Look. Howard. you were very
generous when I left HHM.
but it never sat right with me
that you covered my law-school loans.
It seemed to sit right at the time.
I appreciate the gift.
but now that I'm able to afford it.
- I want to pay you back.
- Oh. you "appreciate the gift"?
- Yes. I do. Howard.
- You know what I'm doing in there?
Take a guess.
I'm doing damage control.
And I'm doing it three meals a day
for the past two weeks with
every one of our clients.
I'm busting my ass. trying to
repair the reputation of the firm
after you and Jimmy
dragged it through the mud.
I did everything in my
power to defend my client.
Oh. is that what you're calling it?
That's the job. Howard.
And by the way. it was
all very convenient for you
to ignore Chuck's illness
when it suited you.
So. I take you out of the mail room.
put you through law school. mentor you.
and then when you leave and stab
me in the back. that's my fault?
I'm not cashing this.
Kim. your debt is forgiven.
But anything else? That's on you.
All Jimmy and I did was show
the situation for what it is.
And if you are hiding
that from your clients?
Well. Howard. that's on you.
- Nacho.
- Hey. Papa.
_
Blue shirt.
Yellow wall.
Silver door.
White sign.
Red pepper.
Purple sweater.
Brown wood.
Black mat.
Jason. can I get you to the front
for carryout assistance?
Jason to the front for
carryout assistance.
Yellow bananas.
Green grapes.
Orange... oranges.
Oh. excuse me.
Um. where would I find the s-soy milk?
Uh. over there and to the left.
just past the freezer aisle.
_
The white ceiling.
Green basket.
Gray floor.
- All set?
- Yeah.
Courier on the way?
- 20 minutes.
- Great.
They'll need this back
at Gatwood Oil by EOD.
What's...?
Hey.
What's up?
Oh. Uh. new guitar.
Check it out.
Mm. That is something.
I sold the rest of my ads.
- That must be a relief.
- Uh-huh.
They loved the response they got.
Were so impressed.
they threw in this baby.
Signed by the one and
only Ritchie Blackmore.
And. uh. lying on the floor
helps you with your fingering?
- Oh. I fell.
- What?
It was during productions.
Crazy stuff happens.
A long story.
But the big picture...
I'm up one guitar.
When did this happen?
Yesterday.
I saw you yesterday. You were fine.
Uh. that was Tuesday.
You picked up clean clothes. 'Member?
Did you go to the doctor?
Oh. it's... it's not as bad as it looks.
I just need to rest it. It'll be fine.
Look on the desk.
There's something for you.
Yeah. that.
Open it.
That's my half.
It's good for the next six weeks.
So at least we can
stop talking about that.
Jimmy. I wasn't...
Just take it so we're square. all right?
Okay.
Sorry.
Just... my back hurts
like hell. and. uh...
people suck.
Jimmy. you...
you don't have to push
yourself like this.
You could rest.
Let your back heal.
And then you go to community
service and get it over with.
Take some time.
Plan your next move.
Meaning...?
I'm saying...
I could cover our expenses for a while.
- Kim. you got the cash in your hand.
- Yeah. I know. but...
- So why are we talking about this?
- All I'm saying is...
I looked at the numbers.
and I can carry us.
Not forever. but at least
until you're back to 100%.
I appreciate the thought. but no.
I'll do what I have to do
to take care of my half.
You do what you have to
do to take care of yours.
End of story.
Okay.
I mean. you believe me. right?
Yes.
Feel better. Jimmy.
Francesca. is it too late
to get ahold of the courier?
I can call. Need to reschedule?
No. cancel it.
And get Billy Gatwood
on the phone for me.
- Will do.
- Thanks.
I've got Billy Gatwood on the line.
Great. Put him through.
Mr. Gatwood? Hi. Kim Wexler.
Listen. I've been
reviewing your documents.
and I thought I might've had to
refer you to a colleague. but...
I think I may have a solution
to your problem myself.
Do you think you have
some time this week
we could sit down and talk?
- Chuck.
- Howard.
What a nice surprise.
I knocked. but there was no
answer. Thought you were asleep.
Figured I'd wait. in case...
Are those groceries? They are.
I decided to go for a little walk.
- That's great. Chuck.
- Why don't you come on in?
Uh. thank you.
To what do I owe the pleasure?
Well. I wish it was just a social call.
but unfortunately. we do have
an issue we need to discuss.
What's that?
It concerns your malpractice insurance.
There's...
well. we should sit and talk it through.
_
You're good.
Cool.
See you. Nacho.
Don Hector.
What?
This one looks funny.
Bring it here.
You see? Is it fake?
No. it's fine.
I'm so sorry. Don Hector.
- Carlos.
- Nacho.
I'm heavy.
Took care of that problem over on Fifth.
That crew won't bother us no more...
Hey. do me a favor. Shut up.
You're good.
Okay.
See you next week.
Don Hector. more espresso?
McGill.
Keep it moving.
- Sir. Sir.
- What's up?
Hey. uh. it's... it's my kid.
Her mom just called.
You're not supposed to be on the phone.
I know. I know. but she's sick.
She caught pneumonia at day care.
She's in the hospital. Please. can I go?
Sure. you can go. But
you're not gettin' credit.
C'mon. can I just go
and come right back?
I have to get my hours done this week.
Judge says so.
Judge told you. huh?
Sounds like that's on you.
Hey. buddy. you wanna get outta here?
- How much is it worth to you?
- What?
To ditch this.
- How much?
- Leave me alone. yo.
Come on. You want to
get to your deal or what?
Man. I was just tryin'
ta see my sick kid.
You're trying to sell
something you shouldn't have
to someone who shouldn't be buying it.
Hey. No judgments. all right?
Man's gotta make a living. I'm just
saying the way you make yours...
rhymes with "mug mealer."
Yeah. What are you... a narc?
I'm the guy who's gonna
get you out of here
- and let you keep your hours.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- How you gonna do that?
Lemme worry about the how. okay?
You just...
700 bucks. and you're gone.
No. I don't have 700 bucks.
Hey. you got a couple
grand in your sock.
700 bucks.
And you can get me outta here?
Aight.
You can do it. you got a deal.
Okay. Just go pick up trash. Go on.
The hell's this?
Resting. Uh. hurt my back.
Get up.
Nope. My back's killing me.
Suit yourself.
You're not getting your hours.
I'm pretty sure you're
gonna give me my hours.
Oh. yeah?
And how do you figure that?
'Cause if you don't. I'm gonna sue you.
Hate to break it to you. smart guy.
but you signed a waiver.
I signed a waiver with the city.
But I'm not suing the city.
I'm suing you! Personally!
You can't do that.
Buddy...
this is the land of the free
and the home of the lawsuit...
I sure as shootin' can.
And you know what?
I think I'll bring that guy in with me
and make it a class-action thing.
What's he got to do with it?
You knowingly prevented him from
visiting his child in the hospital.
If that isn't intentional infliction
of emotional distress. what is?
That's... crazy.
Crazy hasn't even started.
I can also sue you for failure to
approve community-service hours...
that's a direct violation of your duties
as an agent of the state of New Mexico.
I'm only doin' my job...
And just for tickles. maybe I throw in
failure to treat and mitigate
damages suffered by me
due to injuries sustained
under your watch.
- Injury?
- My back.
You're full of shit.
- The waiver clearly states...
- Now. that waiver's
gonna make Swiss cheese look solid.
And in a personal lawsuit.
it's a fart in the wind.
You're never gonna win that.
Maybe. Maybe not.
In order to find out. we
gotta do some math. Let's see.
A lawyer's gonna cost you
about 90 bucks an hour.
You're looking at 8 to 12
months of litigation. minimum.
I'll represent myself.
Great! Bring it on.
You got a car? You got a house?
A pension? Kiss it all goodbye.
Look. out here. you might
be King Douche-nozzle.
but in court. you are little people.
Look. the judge and I...
we'll gladly spend the next
five years in the courtroom.
But for you. it's expensive.
It's very. very expensive.
It's third-mortgage expensive.
So... I'm offering you a simple choice.
You can go to your wife.
You can explain to her
you're about to lose your job.
your pension. and whatever
pinhole of a reputation
you've got at the bowling
alley on Glow-ball Sundays.
or let my friend here visit his
sick daughter in the hospital.
and you can let me rest my back
on this sacred. now
litter-free New Mexico soil.
Oh. and we keep our hours.
Fine.
Asshole.
Well. go on!
Get outta here.
Hey. man.
That was some Jedi
mind shit right there!
The best $700 I done ever spent.
Here you go.
I'm out.
Yeah. yeah.
Yo. I'm on my way. Yeah. yeah.
I've got a problem I
think you can help me with.
I've got cash I can't spend.
About $200.000.
If anything happens to me.
my family'll never see it.
Now. it seems to me
you opened this place
to solve a similar problem.
And you think that solution
could be applied to you.
As a one-time arrangement.
It would be unwise for us
to be publicly associated.
wouldn't you agree?
Because of the Salamancas.
If they were to take notice.
there would be
consequences for both of us.
I'm thinking a paper transaction.
Even so.
Perhaps there is a way.
One with a degree more...
difficulty.
But one I may be able to arrange.
Would 20% overcome this difficulty?
I would not take money from your family.
Synced and corrected by Aaronnmb
www.addic7ed.com